Hello, young word explorer.
Welcome to Unit 6, All About Bugs.
This unit has 24 vocabulary cards in 4 learning groups.
Group 1 is Bugs and Garden Animals.
Listen for words such as butterfly, cricket, ant, bee, spider, worm.
Group 2 is What Makes an Insect.
Listen for words such as insect, legs, wings, antennae, anthill, web.
Group 3 is Position Words.
Listen for words such as on, under, in, between, above, in front of.
Group 4 is What Bugs Do (Action Words).
Listen for words such as fly, jump, crawl, spin, chirp, collect.
For each word, listen and repeat, read five sentences, notice the word type, practise spelling, write your own sentence, and ask the tutor for help.
You are ready to begin Unit 6.